1: Introduction
Which of the following describes a physical location around the world where AWS clusters data centers?
Region

Each AWS region is composed of two or more locations that offer organizations the ability to operate production systems that are highly more available,
fault tolerant, and scalable than would be possible using a single data center. What are these locations called?
Availability Zones

What is the deployment term for an environment that extends an existing on-premises infrastructure into the cloud to connect cloud resources to internal 
systems?
Hybrid deployment

Which AWS Cloud service allows organizations to gain system-wide visibility into resource utilization, application performance, and operational health?
Amazon CloudWatch

Which of the following AWS Cloud services is a fully managed NoSQL database service?
Amazon DynamoDB

Your company experiences fluctuations in traffic patterns to theirt e-commerce website based on flash sales. What service can help your company dynamically
match the required compute capacity to the spike in the traffic during flash sales?
Auto Scaling

Your company provides an online photo sharing service. The development team is looking for ways to deliver image files with the lowest latency to end users
so the website content is delivered with the best possible performance. What service can help speed up distribution of these images files to end users around
the world?
Amazon CloundFront

Your company runs and Amazon EC2 instance periodically to perform a batch processing job on a large and growing filesystem. At the end of the batch job, you
shut down the Amazon EC2 instance to save money but need to persist the filesystem on the Amazon EC2 instance form the previous batch runs. What AWS Cloud
service can you leverage to meet these requirement?
Amazon Elastic Block Storage(Amazon EBS)

What AWS Cloud service provides a logically isolated section of the AWS Cloud where organizations can launch AWS resources in a virtual network that they
define?
Amazon Virtual Private Cloud(Amazon VPC)

Your company provides a mobile voting application for a popular TV show, and 5 to 25 million viewers all vote in a 15-second timespan. What mechanism can you use
to decouple the voting application from your back-end services that tally the votes?
Amazon Simple Queue Service(Amazon SQS)

2: Amazon S3, Amazon Glacier Storage
In what ways does Amazon S3 object storage differ from block and file storage?
Objects contain both data and metadata
Objects are stored in buckets

Which of the following are not appropriate use cases for Amazon S3?
Storing a file system mounted to an Amazon EC2 instance
Primary Storage for a database

What are some of the key characteristics of Amazon S3?
All objects have a URL
Amazon S3 can store unlimited amounts of data
Amazon S3 uses a REST API

Which features can be used to restrict access to Amazon S3 data?
Create a pre-signed URL for an object
Use an Amazon S3 ACL on a bucket or object
Use an Amazon S3 bucket policy

Your application stores critical data in Amazon S3, which must be protected against inadvertant or intentional deletion. How can this data be protected?
Enable versioning
Enable MFA Delete on a bucket

Your company stores documents in Amazon S3, but it wants to minimize cost. Most documents are used actively for only about a month, then much less frequently.
However all data needs to be available within minutes when requested. How can you meet these requirements?
Migrate the data to Amazon S3 Standard-Infrequent Access after 30 days

How is data stored in Amazon S3 for high durability?
Data is automatically replicated within a region

Based on the following URL, which one of the following statements is correct?
The object "folderx/myfile.doc" is stored in the bucket "bucket1.abc.com"

To have a record of who accessed your Amazon S3 data and from where, you should do what?
Enable server access logs on the bucket

What are some of the reasons to enable cross-region replication on an Amazon S3 bucket?
You have a set of users or customers who can access the second bucket with lower latency
For compliance reasons, you need to store data in a location at least 300 miles away from the first region

Your company requires that all data sent to external storage be encrypted before being sent. Which Amazon S3 encryption solution will meet this requirement?
Client-side encryption with customer-managed keys

You have a popular web application that accesses data stored in an Amazon S3 bucket. You expect the access to be very read-intensive, with expected request
rates of up to 500 GETs per second from many clients. How can you increase the performance and scalability of Amazon S3 in this case?
Ensure randomness in the namespace by including a hash prefix to key namespace

What is needed before you can enable cross-region replication on an Amazon S3 bucket?
Enable Versioning
Create an Aws Identity and Access Management policy

Your company has 100TB of financial records that needs to be stored for seven years by law. Which of the following storage plans meets the needs?
Store the data on Amazon S3 with lifecycle policies that change to Amazon Glacier after 1 year.

Amazon S3 bucket policies can restrict access to an Amazon S3 bucket and objects by which of the following?
IP address range
AWS account
Objects with a special prefix

Amazon S3 is an eventually consistent storage system. For what kinds of operations is it possible to get stale data as a result of eventually consistency?
GET or LIST after a Delete
GET after overwrite PUT

What must be done to host a static website in an Amazon S3 bucket?
Configure the bucket for static hosting
Create a bucket with the same name
Make the objects in the bucket world-readable

You have valuable media files hosted on AWS and want them to be served only to authenticated usersof your web application?
Generate pre-signed URLs for content

Amazon Glacier is well-suited to data that is which of the following?
Is infrequently or rarely accessed
Is available after a three-to-five hour restore periodically

Which statements about Amazon Glacier are true?
Amazon Glacier archives take three to five hours to restore
Amazon Glacier vaults can be locked
Amazon Glacier can be used as a standalone service

3:Amazon EC2, Amazon EBS
Your web application needs four instances to support steady traffic nearly all of the time?
Run four reserved instanced constantly, then add eight on-demand instances on the last day of each month

Your order processing application processes orders extracted from a queue with two Reserved Instances?
Deploy additional spot instances to assist

Which of the following must be specified when launching a new Windows instance?
Instance type
AMI

You have purchased an m3.xlarge Linux Reserved Instance in us-east-1a. In which ways can you modify this reservation?
Change it into two m3.large instances
Move it to us-east-1b

Your instance is associated with two security groups. The first allows RDP over port 3389?
RDP traffic over port 3389

Which of the following are features of enhanced networking?
More packets per second
lower latency
less jitter

You are creating a high performance computing cluster and need very low latency?
Use an instance with 10 Gbps network performance
Put the instances in a placement group
Enable enhanced networking on the instances

Which Amazon EC2 feature ensures that your instances will not share a physical host with another customer?
Dedicated Instances

Which of the following is true of instance stores?
Data is lost when the instance stops
Very high IOPS

Which of the following are features of Amazon EBS?
Data stored on Amazon EBS is automatically replicated
Amazon EBS volumes can be encrypted transparently to workloads

You need to take a snapshot of an Amazon EBS volume. How long will it be unavailable?
The volume will be available immediately

You are restoring an Amazon EBS volume from a snapshot. How long before the data will be available?
The data will be available immediately

You have a workload that requires 15,000 consistent IOPS?
Use an Amazon EBS optimized instance
Use a provisioned IOPS SSD volume

Which of the following can be accomplished through bootstrapping?
All of the above

How can you connect to a new Linux instance using SSH?
Use the private half of the instance's key pair

VM Import/Export can import existing virtual machines as?
AMIs
Amazon EC2 instances

Which of the following can be used to address an Amazon EC2 instance over the web?
A public DNS name
Elastic IP address

Using the correctly decrypted Administrator password and RDP?
There is no security group rule that allows RDP access over

You ahve a workload that requires 1TB of durable block storage?
Use a general-purpose SSD volume

How are you billed for elastic IP addresses?
Hourly when they are not associated with an instance

4: Amazon VPC
What is the minimum size subnet that you can have in an Amazon VPC?
/28

You are a solutions architect working for a large travel company?
4

Which of the following is an optional security control that can be applied at the subnet layer of a VPC?
Network ACL

What is the max size IP address range that you can have in an Amazon VPC?
\16

You create a new subnet and then add a route to your route table that routes traffic out from that subnet to the internet. What type of subnet?
A public subnet

What happens when you create a new Amazon VPC?
A main route table is created by default

You create a new VPC in US-East-1 and provision three subnets inside the Amazon VPC. Which of the following?
All subnets will be able to communicate with each other by default.

How many IGWs can you attach to an Amazon VPC at one time?
1

What aspect of an Amazon VPC is stateful?
Security Groups

You have created a custom Amazon VPC with both private and public subnets?
You should disable source/destination checks on the NAT

Which of the following will occur when an Amazon EBS backed EC2 instance is stopped?
All data on the instance-stored devices will be lost
The underlying host for the instance is changed

How many VPC Peering connections are required for four VPCs located within the same AWS region?
6

Which of the following AWS resources would you use in order for an EC2 instance to resolve DNS names?
A DHCP option set

Which of the following is the Amazon side of an Amazon VPN connection?
A VPG

What is the default limit for the number of Amazon VPCs that a customer may have in a region?
5

You are responsible for your company's AWS resources, and you notice a significant amount of traffic?
Network ACL

Which of the following is the security protocol supported by Amazon VPC?
IPsec

Which of the following Amazon VPC resources would you use in order for EC2-VPC instances to send traffic directly to S3?
VPC endpoint

What properties of an Amazon VPC must be specified at the time of creation?
The CIDR block
The region for the VPC

Which Amazon VPC feature allows you to create dual-homed instances?
ENI

5:ELB, CLoudWatch, Auto Scaling
Which of the following are required elements of an Auto Scaling group?
Minimum size
Launch configuration

You have created an ELB listening port on port 80, and you registered it with a single EC2 instance?
2

How long does Amazon CloudWatch keep metric data?
2 weeks

Which of the following are the minimum required elements to create an Auto Scaling launch config?
Launch config name, AMI, and instance type

You are responsible for the logging solution for your company's existing applications running on multiple EC2 instances?
Amazon CloudWatch Logs Agent

Which of the following must be configured on an ELB to accept incoming traffic?
A listener

You create an Auto Scaling group in a new region?
You have not raised your default EC2 capacity for the new region

You want to host multiple HTTPS websites on a fleet of EC2 instances?
Create one SSL certificate with a SAN value for each website name

Your web application front end consists of multiple EC2 instance behind an ELB?
The load balancer stops sending traffic to the instance that failed its health checks

In the basic monitoring package for EC2 what Amazon CloudWatch metrics are available?
Hypervisor visible metrics

A cell phone company is running a dynamic-content television commercials for a contest?
Confgure Auto Scaling to scale out as traffic increases.

For an application in the ap-northeast-1 region with three Availability Zones?
Deploy the application on three servers in the ap-northeast-1a, three in 1b, three in 1c

Which of the following are characteristics of the Auto Scaling service on AWS?
Responds to changing conditions by adding or terminating EC2 instances
Launches instances from a specified AMI
Enforces a minimum number of running EC2 instances

Why is the launch configuration referenced by the Auto Scaling group instead?
All of the above

An Auto Sclaing group may use?
On-Demand Instances
Spot Instances

Amazon CloudWatch supports which types of monitoring plans?
Basic which is free
Dteailed, at an additional cost

ELB health checks may be?
A ping
A connection attempt
A page request

When an EC2 instance registered with an ELB using connection draining is deregistered or unhealthywhat will happen?
Keep the connections open to that instance
Forcibly close all connections to that instance after a timeout period

ELB supports which of the following types of load balancers?
Internet-facing
Internal
HTTPS using SSL

Auto Scaling supports which of the following plans for groups?
Maunual
Scheduled
Dynamic

6:AWS IAM
Which of the following methods will allow an application using an AWS SDK to be authenticated as a principal to access AWS Cloud service?
Create an IAM user and store both parts of the access key
Run the application on an EC2 instance 

Which of the following are found in an IAM policy?
Service name
Action

Your AWS account adimn left your company today?
Change the password and add MFA tot he root user
Put an IP restriction
Rotate Keys
Delete the admins IAM account

Which of the following actions can be authorized by IAM?
Launching an EC2 instance
Adding a message to an SQS queue

Which of the following are IAM security features?
Password policies
MFA

Which of the following are benefits of using EC2 roles?
Credentials do not need to be stored
Key rotation is not necessary

Which of the following are based on temp security tokens?
Amazon EC2 rolesFederation

Your security team is very concerned?
Add multi-factor authentication
Implement a password policy
Apply a source IP address conditions

You want to grant individuals on your network team the ability to fully manipulate?
Assign the managed policy 
Create a new policy that grants EC2*

What is the format of an IAM policy?
JSON

7:Databases and AWS
Which AWS database service is best suited for traditional OLTP?
Amazon Relational Database Service(RDS)

Which AWS database service is best suited for non-relational databases?
Amazon DynamoDB

You are a solutions architect working for a media company that hosts its website on AWS. Currently?
Recommend that the compant use reas replicas, and distribute the traffic across multiple read replicas.

Which AWS Cloud service is best suited for OLAP?
Amazon Redshirt

You have been using Amazon Relational Database Service(RDS) for the last year to run an important application?
Restore the datbase from a recent automated DB snapshot.

Which Amazon RDS database enginessupport Multi-AZ?
All of them

Which Amazon RDS engines support read replicas?
MySQL, Maria DB, PostgreSQL, and Aurora

Your team is building an order processing system that will span multiple Availability Zones?
Force a Multi-AZ failover from one Availability Zone to anothe rby rebooting the primary instance.

You are a system admin whose company has moved its production database to AWS?
No action is necessary. Your connection string points to the database endpoint.

You are working for a small organization without dedicted database admin on staff?
Launch an Amazon RDS DB Instance

You are building the database tier for an enterprise application that gets occasional activity?
General Purpose Solid State Drive

You are designing an e-commerce web application that will scale to potentially hundreds of thousands of concurrent users?
NoSQL database using table using Amazon DynamoDB

Which of the following techniques can you use to help you meet Recovery Point Objective and Recovery Time Objective requirements?
DB snapshots
Read Replicas
Multi-AZ deployment

When using Amazon RDS, how can you offload read requests from the primary?
Add a read replica DB instance, and configure the client's application
Create a caching environment using Elasticache

You are building a large order processing system and are responsible for securing the database. What actions will you take to secure the data?
Adjust AWS Identity and Access Management permissions for admins
Configure security groups and networks Access Control Lists to limit network access
Configure database users, and grant permissions to database objects

Your team manages a popular website running Amazon RDS MySQL backend. The MArketing department has just?
Vertically scale the DB
Create read replicas
Upgrade the storage

You are building a photo management application that maintains metadata?
Query Operation

You are creating an Amazon DynamoDB table that will contain messages for a social chat application. This table will have the following attributes:?
Username, Timestamp

Which of the following statements about Amazon DynamoDB tables are true?
Local secondary idexes can be created when the table is being created.
You can only have one local secondary index

Which of the following workloads are a good fit for running on Amazon Redshift?
Reporting database supporting back office analytics
Data warehouse used to aggregate multiple disparate data sources

8:SQS, SWF, SNS
Which of the following is not a Supported Amazon SNS protocol?
Amazon DynamoDB

When you create a new Amazon SNS topic, which of the following is created automatically?
An Amazon Resource Name(ARN)

Which of the following are features of the Amazon SNS?
Publishers
Subscribers
Topic

What is the default time for an Amazon SQS visibility timeout?
30 seconds

What is the longest time available for an Amazon SQS visibility timeout?
12 hours

Which of the following options are valid properties of an Amazon SQS message?
Message ID
Body

You are a solutions architect who is working for a mobile application company that wants to use Amazon SWF for their new takeout ordering application?
Use a single domain containing multiple workflows. In this manner, the workflows will be able to interact

In Amazon SWF, which of the following are actors?
Activity workers
Workflow Starters
Deciders

You are designing a new application, and you need to ensure that the components of your application are not tightly coupled?
Amazon SWF

How does Amazon SQS deliver messages?
Amazon SQS doesn't guarantee delivery in any particular order

Of the following options, what is the effecient way to fanout a single Amazon SNS message to multiple queues?
Create an Amazon SNS topic. Then create and subscribe multiple queues sent to the topic

Your application polls an Amazon SQS queue frequently and returns immediately?
Use long polling by supplying a WaitTime Seconds of greater than 0 when calling receive message

What is the longest time available for an Amazon SQS long polling timeout?
20 seconds

What is th elongest configuarble message retention period for Amazon SQS?
14 days

What is the default message retention period for Amazon SQS?
4 days

Amazon SNS is a puch notification service that lets you send individual?
Publisher and subscriber client types

In Amazon SWF a decider is responsible for what?
Defining work coordination logic by specifying work sequencing

Can an Amazon SNS topic be created with a previously used topic name?
Yes. The topic name should typically be available after 30-60 seconds after the previous topic has been deleted.

What should you do in order to grant a different AWS account permission to your Amazon SQS queue?
Create an Amazon SQS policy that grants the other accoutn access

Can an Amazon SNS message be deleted after being published?
No. After a message has been published to a topic, it cannot be recalled.


9:DNS, Amazon Route 53
Which type of record is commonly used to route traffic to IPv6?
AAAA record

Where do you register a domain name?
with a domain registrar

You have an application that for legal reasons must be hosted in the United States when US citizens access it?
geolocation routing

Which type od DNS record should you use to resolve an IP address to a domain name?
A PTR record

You host a web application across multiple AWS regions in the world, and you need to configure DNS?
Latency based routing 

Which DNS record should you use to configure the transmission of email to your intended mail service?
SOA record

Which DNS records are commonly used to stop email spoofing and spam?
SPF records

You are rolling out A and B test versions of a web application?
weighted routing

Which DNS record must all zones have by default?
SOA

Your company has it's primary production site in Western Europe and its DR site in the Asia Pacific?
Failover routing

Which type od DNS record should you use to resolve a domain name to another domain name?
A CNAME record

Which is a function that Amazon Route 53 does not perform?
Load balancing

Which DNS record can be used to store human-readable information about a server, network, and other accounting data?
A TXT record

Which resource record set would not be allowed for the hosted zone example.com?
www.example.ca

Which port number is used to serve requests by DNS?
53

Which protocol is primarily used by DNS to serve requests?
UDP

Which protocol is used by DNS when response data size exceeds 512 bytes?
TCP

What are the different hosted zones that can be created in Amazon Route 53?
Public Hosted
Private Hosted

Amazon Route 53 cannot route queries to which AWS resource?
AWS OpsWorks

When configuring Amazon ROute 53 as your DNS service for an existing domain, which is the first step?
Transfer domain registration

10:Elasticache
Which of the following objects are good candidates to store in a cache?
Session State
Shopping Cart
Product Catalog

Which of the following cache engines are supported by Amazon Elasticache?
MemCached
Redis

How many nodes can you add to an Elasticache cluster running Memcached?
20

How many nodes can you add to an Elasticache cluster running Redis?
1

An application currently uses MemCached to cache frequently used database queries?
Update the configuration
configure a security group

How can you back up data stored in Amazon Elasticache running Redis?
Configure automatic snapshots
create a snapshot manually

How can you secure an Amazon Elasticache cluster?
Restrict API actions
Restrict network access using security
Restrict network access using ACL

Yu are working on a mobile gaming application and are building the leaderboard?
Elasticache using Redis

You have built a large web application that uses Amazon Elasticache using Memcached to store frequent query results?
Configure Autodiscovery client side

11:Additional Key Services
What origin servers are supported by Amazon CloudFront?
An Amazon S3
An HTTP Server
An HTTP servee

Which of the following are good use cases for Amazon CloudFront?
A popular software download site
A heavily used video and music

You have a web application that contains both static content in an Amazon S3 bucket, and also dynamic content curretly served by a PHP web app?
Multiple origins
Mulitple cache behaviors

You are building a media-sharing web application that serves video files to end users?
Use an Amazon CloudFront OAI

Your company data center is completely full, but the sales group has determineda need to store 200TB of product video?
AWS Storage Gateway Gateway-Cached volumes

Your company wants to extend their existing Microsoft Active Directory capability into an Amazon VPC?
Create and connect an AWS Directory SD

Which of the following are AWS Key Management Service Keys that will never exit AWS unencrypted?
AWS KMS Customer Master Keys

What cryptographic method is used by AWS KMS to encrypt data?
Envelope encryption

Which AWS service records API calls made on your account?
AWS CloudTrail

You are trying to decrypt ciphertext with AWS KMS and the decryption operation is failing?
The plaintext
The ciphertext

Your comapny has 30 years of financial records that take up 15TB of on-premises Storage?
AWS Import/Export to Amazon Glacier

Your company collects information from the oint of sale registers at all of it's franchise locations?
Run a transient

Which service allows you to process nearly limitless streams of data in flight?
Amazon Kinesis

What combination of services enable you to copy daily 50TB of data to Amazon storage, process the data in Hadoop?
Amazon S3, Data Pipeline, EMR, Redshift

Your company has 50,000 weather stations around the country that send updates every 2 seconds?
Amazon Kinesis Firehose

Your organization uses Chef heavily for it's deployment automation?
AWS OpWorks

A firm is moving its testing platform to AWS to provide developers with instant access?
AWS CloudFormation

Your company's IT management team is looking for an online tool to provide recommendations to save money, imporve system stability?
AWS Trusted Advisor

Your company works with data that requires frequent audits?
AWS Config

All of the website deployments are currently done by your company's deployment team. With a surge in website popularity?
AWS Elastic Beanstalk

12:Security
Which is an operation performed by AWS dor data security?
Decomissioning of storage devices using industry-standard practices

You have launched a Windows Amazon EC2 instance and specified an Amazon EC2 key pair for the instance at launch?
Use the Amazon EC2 key pair to decrypt the administrator password

A database security group controls network access?
No access is provided by default

Which encryption algorithm is used by Amazon S3 to encrypt data?
AES-256

How many access keys may an AWS IAM user have active at one time?
2

Which of the following is the name of the security model employed?
The shared responsibility model

Which of the following describes the scheme used by an Amazon Redshift cluster leveraging?
Amazon Redshit used a four-tier

Which of the following ELB options ensure that the load balancer determines which cipher is used?
Server Order preference

Which technology does Amazon Workspaces use to provide data secrecy?
PC-over-IP

As a solutions Architect, how should you architect systems on AWS?
You should architect yous AWS usage to take advantage of multiple Availability Zones and regions.

Which security theme is used by the AWS MFA?
Time-based One-time password

DynamoDB tables may contain sensitive data that needs to be protected?
DynamoDb can store data encrypted with a client-side 
DynamoDB can be used with the AWS Key Management Service

You have launched an Amazon Linuzz EC2 instance in EC2-classic?
The permissions for the private key are too insecure for the key to be trusted

Which of the following public identity providers?
All of the above

Which feature of AWS is designed to permit calls to the platform from an Amazon EC2 instance without?
AWS IAM instance profile

Which of the following Amazon VPC elements acts as a firewall?
ACL

Which of the following is the most recent version of AWS digital signature?
Version 4

Which of the following is the name of the feature with Amazon VPC that allows you to launch EC2 instances?
Dedicated tenany

Which of the following best describes how Amazon EMR protects access?
The master node is launched into a security group that allows SSH

To help prevent data loss due to the failure of any single hardware component?
Amazon EBS replictes EBS volume data within the same Availability zone in a region.

13:Risk and Compliance
AWS communicates with customers regarding its security and control?
Obtaining industry certs
Publishing information
Directly providing customers

Which of the following statements is true when it comes to shared resposibility model?
The shared responsibility model is not just limited to csecurity considerations, IT controls too

AWS provides IT control information to customers in which?
By using specific control definitions or through general control standard compliance

Which of the following is a valid report, certification, or third party attestation?
SOC1
PCI DSS Lev 1
ISO 27001

Which of the following statements is true?
IT governance is still the customer's resposibility

Which of the following statements is true when it comes to the risk and compliance advantages?
Few, many, or all components

Which of the following best describes an Availability Zone?
Each AZ consists of multiple discrete data centers, with redundant power

With regard to vulnerability scans and threat assessments?
AWS regularly
AWS security notifies

Which of the following best describes the risk and compliance communication responsibilities?
AWS publishes information about the AWS security

When it comes to risk management, which is true?
AWS has developed a strategic business plan to identify any risks and has implemented controls to mitigate or manage

The AWS control environment is in place for the secure delivery of AWS Cloud?
Energy

Who is responsible for the configuration of security groups in an AWS?
AWS provides security group functionality, but the customer is responsible

Which of the following is NOT a recommended aproach?
Implement generic control objectives that are not specifically designed

14:Best Practices
When designing a loosely coupled system, which AWS services provide an intermediate durable storage layer?
Kinesis
SQS

Which of the following options will help increase the vailability of a web server farm?
Launch the web server instances
Leverage Auto Scaling

Which of the following AWS Cloud services are designed according to the Multi-AZ principle?
DynamoDB
S3

Your e-commerce site was designed to be stateless and currently runs on a fleet of Amazon EC2 instances?
CloudWatch
Auto Scaling

Your compliance department has mandated a new requirement that all data on Amazon EBS volumes must be encrypted. Which of the following steps?
Create a new EBS
Attach the EBS volume
Copy the data

When building a DDos-resilient architecture?
Reduces
Obfuscates
Adds non-critical

Your e-commerce application provides daily ad hoc reporting to various business units?
Create a read replica

Your website is hosted on a fleet of web servers that are load balanced across multiple Availability Zones?
Type A Alias

You need a secure way to distribute your AWS credentials to an application running on Amazon EC2?
Provision the Amazon EC2

You are running a suite of microservices on AWS Lambda?
API GAteway

Your WordPress website is hosted on a fleet of Amazon EC2 instances that leverage Auto Scaling?
EFS

You are changing your application to move session sate information off the individual EC2 instances?
Amazon DynamoDB

A media sharing application is producing a very high volume of data in a very short period of time?
Use the Amazon SQS

Which of the following are best practices for managing AWS IAM user access keys?
Use different Access keys
Rotate access keys
Configure MFA

You need to implement a service to scan API calls and related events history to your AWS account?
AWS CloudTrail
S3
AWS Lambda

Government regulations require that your company maintain all correspondence for a period of seven years?
Amazon Glacier

Your company provides media content via the Internet to customers through a paid subscription model?
Provided signed Amazon CloudFront

Your compnay provides transcoding services for amateur products to formattheir short films?
Amazon S3

A week before Cyber Monday last year, your corporate data center experiences a failed air conditioning unit?
Distribute the architecture

Your Amazon VPC includes multiple private subnets. The instances in these privat esubnets must access?
Create a NAT gateway in each Availability
